[Twig] [TwigBundle] Describe the new behaviour of twig.cache config (#20951)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/configuration/twig.rst

``auto_reload`` option ensures that cached templates which have changed get
compiled again.

> Set this option to the path where the cache should be stored. If set to
> ``true``, the cache is stored in ``%kernel.cache_dir%/twig``. However, if the
> ``auto_reload`` option is not enabled and ``%kernel.build_dir`` is configured
> to be different than ``%kernel.cache_dir``, the cache is stored in
> ``%kernel.build_dir%/twig``.

Reviewer: I've rewritten this paragraph trying to simplify the wording and logic.
"not enabled" is "disabled"

```suggestion
Specify the path where the cache should be stored. If set to `true`, the cache
defaults to `%kernel.cache_dir%/twig`. However, if the `auto_reload` option is
disabled and `%kernel.build_dir%` is different from `%kernel.cache_dir%`,
the cache will instead be stored in `%kernel.build_dir%/twig`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add a versionadded directive here, thanks
